1. i awnt to create a mod for the game white knuckle. here are some references how to mod the game: https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3473004632  (follow the links in this tutorial). i want to create a mod that puts spike on every possible up-looking surface, that do damage to the player. then i want to also display the health-bar for the player and make the player balance between hand-stamina (resting on spikes does damage but while the player is on ground (a.k.a. the spikes) stamina will be recovered. once the player is not on the ground anymore, health will be recovered with a slight delay. create a plan for this project.
2. Spike Balance Mod — Implementation Plan  Implement the plan as specified, it is attached for your reference. Do NOT edit the plan file itself.  To-do's from the plan have already been created. Do not create them again. Mark them as in_progress as you work, starting with the first one. Don't stop until you have completed all the to-dos.
3. Implement the plan as specified, it is attached for your reference. Do NOT edit the plan file itself.  To-do's from the plan have already been created. Do not create them again. Mark them as in_progress as you work, starting with the first one. Don't stop until you have completed all the to-dos.
4. mod is not working. mod has been loaded: [Info   :Spike Balance Mod] Spike Balance Mod loaded. but no spikes or the healthbarUI is in the game (normal campaign run).
5. i think the mod is starting to place objects too early. the hp-bar is now visible from the very first frame, not only when starting the run. also no spikes are in the game (i guess they are placed too early too, before starting the run).
6. -no healthbarUI gets loaded now, fix this -place the healthbar in the top middle of the screen (5-10px margin from top) -display the number of current health in the middle of the healthbarUI -still no spikes get placed, fix this
7. still no spikes or healthbarUI
8. still the same. start over and create the mod from scratch again with my adjustments and what you have learned by now.
9. that looks more promising, good job. i can see healthbarUI and spikes ingame now and the spikes are also doing damage. damage to the healthbar from the spikes should not affect (hand-)stamina. maybe create a seperate stat for health and redirect all damagesources to this stat. or maybe you can find a more practical solution.
10. gripstrength (stamina) is still affected by health-damage
11. yes grip still drops while only touching a spike (no vanilla damage)
12. still the same problem. recreate the mod completly with what you have learned by now with my specifications.
13. still the same problem. recreate the mod completly with what you have learned by now with my specifications.
14. looks way better now. damage from spikes does not affect stamina/grip anymore. but it seems like spikes are now placed on objects, like boxes or items. i want the damage-area to be on level-geometrie that is facing upwards.
15. no spikes are damage areas are in the level now
16. logs look fine. when iam hanging from a handhold on a level-wall, i sometime get damage from spikes. dissect a specific level to see what objects we actually need to attach the spikes.
17. spikes should not be coupled with handholds. the should be attached to the level geometry. first or 2nd room makes no difference, i only get damage while hanging onto a handhold and partially clipping into the rounded wall - so i guess, the spikes are outside of the geometry. i want them placed on every surface that is facing upwards (up to a 20° tilt).
18. couldnt find any spike-area that did damage to me in the first two rooms. but the logs show markers. also nothing visual to confirm.
19. now i could see the markers. but they were only placed in the first room, 2nd room no markers. also they didnt do any damage while walking over them.
20. no markers in the 2nd room and also the healthUI is now missing.
21. some markers on the 2nd floor but it doesnt look like continuos generation. just once at the beginning. also spikes/markers still wont do damage
22. still no damage, still no further generation. recreate the mod completly with my specifications and the knowledge you got by now. remove all leftovers and remains from the old mod versions.
23. damage on spikes works now but they are still only generated at the bottom floor of the first room. nothing in the 2nd or further rooms. the spikes should be on every upward-facing surface to recreate the kids game "make the floor lava" (rename the mod to "TheFloorIsLava")
24. placement of the markers looks very good now, it even continues. but the markers wont do any damage to our seperate healthbar.
25. markers still dont do damage, check that thouroughly. also they are not continously generated but stop again after the 2nd floor. think in detail and find a solution for both problems.
26. markers still dont do damage, check that thouroughly. also they are not continously generated but stop again after the 2nd floor. think in detail and find a solution for both problems.
27. okay spikes do damage now, good. please replace them with a coneshaped dark-metal model. the player doesnt die when the hp-bar hits zero. also please excempt the very first bottom surface from spike-generation. the number in the hpbar gets invisible once its emptied and the white background matches with the white font: make the numbers an inverse-mask of the hp-bar so it stays always visible. make the hp-bar regenerate after 2s of no-damage (make the values configurable for the enduser).
28. -make the spikes 200% bigger and add some existing level-texture to it. -also make spikes do half of the damage. -if the hp-bar drops to 0, kill the player and end the run
29. once the hp-bar reached 0, just the bar and spikes got removed but the player didnt get killed. also the spikes are still black and have no texture
30. spikes are invisible now. playerdeath works.
31. spikes are totally black now again, no texture
32. -spikes are not black anymore but still dont fit the level colorization. please see this partial screenshot to make the right adjustments to the color. -also please add a check if the spike actually has ground-support (so its not hovering in the air) and dont place that spike, if it has no ground support. -add some noise to the object-instances for the spikes to make them a little bit crooked and look different. -maybe you can add a function to create a common surface-area from all markers on one y-level and place the spikes with a noise-pattern on this area. this should give an 'individual' smoother look than having clusters around markers.
33. looks good. but the spikes are still off. lets replace the spikes with small glowing patches of lava (varying in height). please create a slightly glowing redish-yellow dirty, industrial lava-shader for that. bonuspoints if it looks like the lava patches combine with some neighboring patches and the shader make the individual patches look flowing outwards like lava. extra bonuspoints if the lava visually drips a little bit through light floors (like beams or thin floors). take the noise and adjust the height and width and size of the lavapatches for that.
34. the lavapatches are too big and overlap most ledges. it looks more like lavaclouds and not hard lavapatches. i want a texture like in this photo: https://cdn.abcotvs.com/dip/images/3488029_051718-cc-ap-lava-flowing-img.jpg  slight inner glow and darker on the edges and most-top-surfaces with slight layers visible.
35. the lavapatches are too big and overlap most ledges. it looks more like lavaclouds and not hard lavapatches. i want a texture like in this photo: https://cdn.abcotvs.com/dip/images/3488029_051718-cc-ap-lava-flowing-img.jpg  slight inner glow and darker on the edges and most-top-surfaces with slight layers visible.
36. still doesnt look realistic or fitting the environment. try to make it way more detailed or even use my example-screenshot as texture (adjust the image accordingly, if you decide to do that). neighboring patches are clipping into each other instead of creating an individual layout (with merging neigboring patches) per y-level. while adjusting, keep the damage-area the same, just make visual adjustments to the lavapatches. after that, try to make some Performance adjustments (maybe make things easier and unload the old room once the door has closed. seems like the mod is very fps-demanding.
37. still looks like clouds and not with sharp edges when melted together. feels like its missing a base-color and then put that shader as highlight on top. i think it needs solid mesh-color but maybe you have a better way.
38. visuals look better but still very patchy, lets fix that later. first, please take a look at ending the run manually or restarting. after ending, the hpbar is still visible in the main menu and on restarting hp is still on the same value and does not get reset. also please move the hpbar to the bottom of the screen with a few pixels of margin. make it fit between both visible hands and make it very slim. put the hp-number on top of the bar and make the font white, while getting red the lower it gets. give the hp-bar a small white border and fill it with red from left to right. add an easter egg, where you have to look down all the way and crouch. if you then grab with both hands, you can grab the hpbar and throw it away as an object in the level.
39. -remove the "/ 100" from the hpbar text -double the heigth of the hpbar -the easteregg does not work. to trigger the easteregg the player has to look down (view tilted downward as far as possible), crouch and grab with both hands to grab the hp-bar.
40. it doesnt fire, the logs just show the easteregg crouching status
41. that works now but the hp-bar just disappears from the UI and appears as object infront of the player. make a small interaction/animation, where both hands grab the hpbar and rip it out of the screen. then make it into a 3d-ingame object that can be grabbed and thrown around in the world (like a box). make the 3d-model exactly as the GUI-object, slim and partially transparent.
42. that works now but the hp-bar just disappears from the UI and appears as object infront of the player. make a small interaction/animation, where both hands grab the hpbar and rip it out of the screen. then make it into a 3d-ingame object that can be grabbed and thrown around in the world (like a box). make the 3d-model exactly as the GUI-object, slim and partially transparent.
43. looks good now. but instead of moving the hpbar down, move it up and put it in the players hands. also the hp-bar appears black with no texture
44. animation works fine but i cant see an object in the world after that
45. works now but its still black and not matching the GUI-healthbar. make it at least 3x as long, give it a white border and a red-bar as health-status.
46. looks good now, but the 3d-bar is not interactable. make it grabbleble like a box. Also plan the next step but do not execute yet, just explore the options: i want to add the ability to cool down the lava below you for a short moment. to do this, you can open and close either your left or right hand "to fan some air to cool the lava down" and make it not do damage for a few seconds. to be able to do this, opening and closing your hands also uses hand/grip-stamina. the ability should trigger after the 2nd opening and closing of one or both hands (both hands require less stamina per hand) and needs to build up from there to have a full damage-negation from the lava. if the lava is fully cooled, it will take a few seconds to do damage again. if its not fully cooled, the damage ramps up again to 100% after "fanning" stops, without a timeout. but it will do less damage while its not at 100% heat, according to the current heat-level. for visual confirmation, leave a dark patch on the ground where cooling happened, which becomes brighter again, once the heat-level rises up again. to implement this as function in the game, create a radial buffer on the ground, where the player has cooled and track the heat-level of that spot (maybe 1m x 1m). once the heat-level is at 100% again, delete the spot from the game. add a small gust animation around the hands, if the player has triggered fanning-mode.
47. check again, if you are missing anything or something will not work out this way and then continue to implement this function.
48. the spot doesnt negate lava-damage, is square not radial and is pitchblack instead of a grey mask, that changes transparancy with the heat-level. stamina-usage on hands is too high, half that.
49. doesnt work at all now. no visual spot is created and also damage is not negated.
50. spot is visible now but just disappears instead of fading. also lava-damage is still applied while standing on the spot. no gust-animation around the hands is visible.
51. the spot still does not negate lava-damage and fanning takes way too much stamina, i suggest only using a 4th of the current stamina-use
52. nothing has changed from the previous build, both problems still persist.
53. nothing has changed from the previous build, both problems still persist.
54. the effect from the hands is way too big now. revert the animation changes and make the particles fly towards the ground instead. also damage from lava is now negated in the spots but it doesnt regenerate after a few seconds. health only regenerates if the player is touching no lava at all, please change that.
55. seems to work fine now, but the cooled spot is attached to the player, but instead it should stay where the cooling ability was used.
56. adjust the values to create a fully cooled spot to using 80% of stamina of one hand.
57. half the height of the damage-area/hitbox for lava
58. seems like iam still getting lava-damage at the same height. check if the values actually have been adjusted or maybe if the values from the config are not used in the specific function. if you are really sure that the values have been changed, half them again.
59. looking good for now. can you replace any mentions of spikes in variables or comments with lava and copy all needed modfiles to a release folder and all source-files to a source-folder, please. also please add a readme-file for github with knighToFdemonS as the author, in support with cursor AI. there add a disclaimer for free code redistribution and changes.
60. i can still see SpikeBalanceMod everywhere in filenames
61. add a more descriptive readme. also the readme is missing the disclaimer. add descriptions on how to play the mod and how to adjust the basic config-options (like remove lava-drip or adjusting balance or adjust rendering for performance improvements). remove the hint of the easteregg from the config but instead add a cryptic hint to the easteregg on the readme (something in the lore/style of white knuckle world). make the readme nice and colorful.
62. can you create a modicon for this mod? a png, 256x256 pixel max. also a manifest file according to this documentation: https://wiki.thunderstore.io/mods/creating-a-package#manifest  the final projectfiles have been moved to C:\Users\TFS\Documents\GitHub\White-Knuckle-TheFloorIsLava
63. please create a thunderstore-package according to this documentation: https://wiki.thunderstore.io/mods/creating-a-package#creating-the-zip-file
64. please create a thunderstore-package according to this documentation: https://wiki.thunderstore.io/mods/creating-a-package#creating-the-zip-file
65. is only the dll in the plugins-folder needed? not also the configs?
66. i want to include my cfg, if the package is still valid then
67. thunderstore refused the upload with "Please disclose if any significant portion of your mod was created using AI tools by adding the 'AI Generated' category. Failing to do so may result in the mod being removed from Thunderstore. " how can i add the ai generated category?
68. check C:\Users\TFS\Documents\GitHub\White-Knuckle-TheFloorIsLava for the readme file and re-do it completly. add a big warning at the top that this mod has been created with the support of CursorAI. add a personal disclaimer, in smaller text, below where i explain my lack of skills and time to write the mod without AI. also add please, that everybody can recreate my idea in their own style and code, i have nothing against that. then adjust the content of the readme, for example leave out extras like "the floors remember. The heat does not forgive." (exclude the easteregg hint from that) and explain short and snappy every function and ability. stuff like "lowly harden into molten lava. You climb with your hands, but the ground wants you back." make no sense. keep requirements, installation- and building from source guide. other things to correct: the hpbar is at the bottom of the screen, not top. in 'how to play' it says "Fan with both hands in sync for faster cooling (higher stamina cost spread across both)." but fanning with both hands should use less stamina across both hands. also explain how to play and the config-options. keep it short, as a human would have written it, still use lists, icons and formats. keep the word per sentence low and use functional words to logically explain everything.
69. still massive logical errors: "Upload and use it with that in mind" - this should be "download", the enduser is getting those files and readme from github. "if you like the idea, you are welcome to remake it in your own style and code — I have no problem with that." no human would express it in that way. try a different approach please. convert "mod HP bar" into "extra Healthbar". leave out references to thunderstore. no need to explain Thunderstore / mod manager download. remove the gameroot-parameter from the build from source guide if it is not needed. the user can copy the file himself. add that this is a fan-mod to the bottom disclaimer.
70. the hint to the easteregg is also missing. re-add that.
71. please remove the line "[EasterEgg] Enabled only turns this on or off. It does not explain the gesture." after this, check the code so that fanning only uses stamina once cooling actually happens. also create a file that describes most details, developement progress, prompts how this project was created while using AI. make this as extensive as possible and only include original material (if you can attach the whole conversation and create an index with highlights of the conversation).
